Add Jacobian Access Functions (#231)
LLNL/sundials: doc/ida/guide/source/Usage/index.rst

      returned matrix should not be altered.

.. c:function:: int IDAGetJacCj(void* ida_mem, sunrealtype* cj_J)

   Returns the :math:`c_j` value used to compute the internally stored copy of
   the Jacobian matrix of the DAE residual function.

   :param ida_mem: the IDA memory structure
   :param cj_J: the :math:`c_j` value used in the Jacobian was evaluation

   :retval IDALS_SUCCESS: the output value has been successfully set
   :retval IDALS_MEM_NULL: ``ida_mem`` was ``NULL``
   :retval IDALS_LMEM_NULL: the linear solver interface has not been initialized

.. c:function:: int IDAGetJacTime(void* ida_mem, sunrealtype* t_J)

   Returns the time at which the internally stored copy of the Jacobian matrix
   of the DAE residual function was evaluated.

   :param ida_mem: the IDA memory structure
   :param t_J: the time at which the Jacobian was evaluated

   :retval IDALS_SUCCESS: the output value has been successfully set
   :retval IDALS_MEM_NULL: ``ida_mem`` was ``NULL``
   :retval IDALS_LMEM_NULL: the linear solver interface has not been initialized

.. c:function:: int IDAGetJacNumSteps(void* ida_mem, long int* nst_J)

>    Returns the number of steps at which the internally stored copy of the
>    Jacobian matrix of the DAE residual function was evaluated.
> 
>    :param ida_mem: the IDA memory structure
>    :param nst_J: the number of steps at which the Jacobian was evaluated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Returns the value of the internal step counter at which the internally stored copy of the
   Jacobian matrix of the DAE residual function was evaluated.

   :param ida_mem: the IDA memory structure
   :param nst_J: the value of the internal step counter at which the Jacobian was evaluated
```
